Does Higher Win Ratio Lead to More Fans?
	NBA teams that have a higher winning percentage are more likely to experience higher team home attendance. First, a team with a higher winning percentage is more likely to have more fans. Second, teams that win more tend to have star players, which also increases attendance. Third, people go to NBA games to watch a good performance, which high win ratio tends to be a side effect of. There are also counterpoints: namely, winning does not always lead to full stadiums, having star players doesn’t mean that a team will win a lot, and teams winning too much resultsing in their games being uninteresting. 
	A team that wins will have more fans. No one wants to show up to home games to watch their team lose every time. Especially in a live setting, fans want to see their team doing well. When a team is winning a lot, the energy and atmosphere of the stadium is electric; the fans are going to have a great time. Once a team has developed a reputation for having enjoyable games, they will in turn attract more fans and thus have a higher home attendance. Furthermore, this effect is compounded. When a team has more home attendance, their home field advantage becomes greater. In NBA stadiums especially, there are chants of “DE-FENSE,” when the away team has the ball. This chant in turn can lead to the home team successfully denying the other team a basket, which results in a cheer. The more fans there are, the louder the chants and the cheers are, causing a higher morale boost. Though high win percentages cause higher attendance, higher attendance can also cause higher win percentages.
	Teams that win tend to have more star players, which in and of itself increases attendance. Stars become stars by performing well. A team that has stars has people that are doing well. One way stars in basketball are often made is by the numbers they put up. For example, someone might become known for being an avid scorer with a lot of points. Another player might achieve stardom through their passing ability and high assist count. Another might help their team through their rebounds and making sure that their team gets more chances on each possession. In short, a team that has people that are performing well is more likely to win. Additionally, many of these stars have reputations that precede them. Many fans will go to games with stars to watch them do what they do best. Stars have the doubled effect in that they both attract and retain fans.
	Teams that win perform well. That’s the definition of how one team beats another: they perform better on that day, at that time, in that game. A great performance is what fans are looking for in an NBA game. If they weren’t looking for performance, they would instead go to a high school or college basketball game, where the gameplay is indisputably of lower caliber. The NBA has the world’s best basketball player, and that is one big reason why they decide to go to an NBA game. Simply put, they can’t find the best anywhere else. Thus, fans looking for a good performance combined with wins being the result of good performances, fans are looking for a team that performs well. Teams that perform well will attract these fans and have a higher home attendance.
	A counterargument is that winning does not necessarily mean a higher home attendance. Some would argue that a game that is not close is not fun to watch. In close games, every single possession, shot, and rebound matters because it will alter the final result. In games where one team dominates, especially by double digits or more, they don’t matter nearly as much since even if the losing team scores, they’re still far away from coming back. As a result, the amount of tension is decreased and the game starts to lose meaning. An example of this is Kawhi Leonard’s game 7, 2019 buzzer beater. When the ball bounced on the rim, the stadium was absolutely silent, and those seconds rank among the most exciting of all time. If the game wasn’t close, buzzer beaters and other clutch moments would not even have a chance to exist. 
	Another is that “superteams” don’t always produce intended results. Of course, there are cases in which it does work, with the Golden State Warriors going 73-9. However, there are also cases where it does not. The most present example is the Brooklyn Nets. They had KD, Kyrie, and Harden–3 one in a generation players. Still, they didn’t win more than anybody else.
	Finally, sometimes there are simply factors outside the team’s control. Sometimes the ticket prices are lower to boost attendance, (and thus boost concession sales). Sometimes they’re higher to boost profit from tickets. Even if both stadiums A and B are full, if one has a higher capacity then the other, one will inevitably have higher home attendance.
	Since win ratio is the independent variable, I will show it first, in order from least to greatest to get an idea of what teams were in the 2015-2016 NBA Season.
	To determine whether there is a trend in win ratio to home attendance, I ordered the teams by win %. Ties were broken alphabetically but should not affect the data drastically. The differences between win ratios are modest, with many teams at around 0.5 and only a handful above 0.65 or below 0.35. That means that the trend line from this ordering will not be as conclusive as if the differences in win % were more significant.

	The graph suggests a potential trend and causality between win percentage and home attendance. As win percentage increases, so does home attendance, as shown by the positive slope in the line of best fit. The data does indeed provide evidence that corroborates my causal claim. However, I still want to investigate more as it’s not completely conclusive with many peaks and valleys that somewhat disagree. There are some various obvious outliers that are way above the trend line. However, those can easily be explained. The Lakers, Knicks, and Bulls are all legendary franchises, each with their own streak of championships: Knicks in the early 70s, Bulls in the 90s, and Lakers throughout several decades. On the other end, the opposite is also true. Teams well below the trend line include the Denver Nuggets and the Minnesota Timberwolves, both who have had a total of zero NBA Finals appearances. In the end, the win ratio was still dominant as even big franchises like the 76ers couldn’t get nearly as much home attendance with an abysmal win ratio less than 0.15.
Let’s look at another factor that might affect home attendance: stadium size. This time we will sort by home attendance.

	The trendline here is very shallow, indicating a very slight correlation between stadium size and home attendance. This makes sense because teams want to fill their stadiums to maximize other sales such as concessions and merchandise. However, the increase in home attendance is much steeper than the increase in stadium capacity, indicating that stadium capacity is one of the more minor factors when considering home attendance.
	Going into this project, I expected to find that win ratio on average would increase home attendance. As it turns out, I did find that; win ratio is the biggest factor I found that impacts the home attendance of a team. It truly does matter how well the team is doing. However, there are also factors outside of the win ratio that also affect a team’s home attendance, such as stadium capacity and reputation.

1) While justice may be "the rule of the stronger," the rule of the stronger is not (always) just. We only need to look to the real world for evidence. There have been so many regimes where the stronger rule, and within are injustices everywhere, countless human rights violations, and overall, a situation we cannot call just.

2) The auxiliaries are the strongest and most athletic of the people in the city. The enforcers are, by necessity, stronger than the producers of philosophers because they are either conquering neighboring lands or defending the city. However, though they are considered guardians, they are held in check by the philosophers, who pass the laws.
Another interpretation on how "The Republic" supports the pessimistic view is that the philosophers are the rulers.As Francis Bacon once said, "knowledge is power." If premise 1 is that knowledge is power and premise 2 is thatthe philosophers have the most (or best) knowledge, then the conclusion is that the philosophers have the most or best power.This conclusion agrees directly with T's statement that the just society is the one where the strongest rule.

3) The Republic challenges the view by stating that philosophers aren't the strongest but rather are determined bythe metal in their system, or which part was most dominant in their souls. Given that the three parts are appetite, spirit,and reason, we can see that none of these have to do with people being strong or weak. Someone can be strong with a money-lovingsoul or an honor-loving soul. In both of these cases, the point is that the soul is independent from someone beingstrong or weak, indicating that being strong does not necessarily mean ruling.
To counter the other point in #2, the soul approach works once again. It doesn't matter what someone does or doesn't know.If reason dominates their soul, they are fit to rule. Any other part dominant means otherwise. It works because for example,a money-loving person in power is unjust because their laws would naturally lean towards obtaining more money rather thancontributing to the well-being of the city. In any case, the philosophers' education would be good enough and the fact thatthey don't have any material possessions would encourage them to contribute to the city because the city is all they have.

4) The false claims in "Race: The Power of an Illusion" are used todefine why their current society is just. The idea of naturalizing pseudo-biology would allow them to convince the publicthat race was a true biological indicator of complex traits when it was false. The definition of justice in America in the19th and 20th centuries was that the people were where they were because of their race. If everyone is where they are supposed tobe, that is justice, similar to the definition in Republic: people are where they are because they have certain talents.

5) The film shows that our genes have less variation than most and that the result of what we can do is heavily basedon the cultures we are a part of rather than race. As a result, the film suggests that it is not us but our surroundingsthat determine whether we are rulers or not. In other words, it doesn't matter who is stronger or weaker but rather the environment in which they are raised in.

6)Power does shape our ethical beliefs in modern society. An example would be the propaganda in Russia. There aremost definitely those that believe that the war on Ukraine is just. In general, propaganda and other media can justifyevents or situations that the majority of society agrees are unjust. Another relatively current event would be the election, where no one person is allowed to overturn an election. Rather predictably, the side that won says the election was justand the side that didn't says that it was not just. What was surprising was how far some people went 

7) In our own democracy, people are elected. That being said, it is rare always the "strong" that get elected.If the original statement is "justice is the rule of the strong," that would mean a lot of democracies are unjust.This statement is a contradiction because with the utilitarian approach, democracies are the most just, as policies benefitthe majority.

8) The descriptive exploration about justice is rather straightforward, especially if one goes with the utilitarian approach.Whatever decision helps more people is simply better. However, the approach does run into the very moral problems it tries to avoid by sticking to factual evidence. For example, the classicexample of sacrificing one person to save five has many variations, some in which it is more difficult to justify sacrificingone person to save five. In the trolley problem, we have the two situations of pulling a lever to get the train to crash into five people insteadof one versus pushing someone over the edge of a bridge to stop the train from hitting five. The emergency room problem is wherethe two situations are: saving one critically wounded person versus saving five people that have lighter wounds or taking fiveorgans out of one person to save 5 people, each missing one of the organs. The latter case is clearly less justifiable if onewere to take the organs out of a perfectly healthy person. In another fictional example, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas,a city's well-being is supported by all of its suffering being put onto a baby. Though the descriptive approach would say yes,many would agree that no baby should have to go through such things.
Immediately, we see that the problem with the normative exploration about justice is much less straightforward to define. If weinclude morality and look at the same two examples, many would say that they would agree to do the first but would say thatthe second goes too far. In analogical terms, for the first they would pull the lever but not push the person over the bridge.For the second they would save the 5 people with light wounds but they would not take 5 organs out of the one person. That beingsaid, the line is oftentimes too difficult to draw. Would push the person over the bridge if it was to save 10 people? 100 people?
Ironically, the flaw of the descriptive approach is the lack of morality, and the flaw of the normative approach is the presence of morality, making it too difficult to define. Though a world with morality is difficult, there is no viable alternative. 

